Remove a membership port FAQ (#1823)
temporalio/documentation: docs/server/production-deploy.md

- when you want to split Temporal deployments based on namespaces, e.g. staging/dev/uat, or for different teams who need to share common infrastructure.
- when you need a new deployment to change `numHistoryShards`.

> **We recommend not doing this if you can avoid it**. If you need to do it anyway, double-check the following:

Reviewer: We still need this for per-1.19 servre. I think we should keep this doc with note that if you are running v1.19+, you don't need to do that.

Author: Updated

- when you want to split Temporal deployments based on namespaces, e.g. staging/dev/uat, or for different teams who need to share common infrastructure.
- when you need a new deployment to change `numHistoryShards`.

> You can skip the following guide if your server is running on release v1.19+. V1.19 makes sure the membership from different clusters will not join together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can skip the following procedure if your server is running v1.19 or later.
The v1.19 release ensures that the membership from different clusters does not combine.
```

Author: Accepted the commit
